https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6119 (#5252)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: networking/submariner/install_subctl.adoc

| link:https://submariner.io/operations/deployment/subctl/#gather[`gather`] | Collects information from the clusters to help troubleshoot a Submariner deployment.
| link:https://submariner.io/operations/deployment/subctl/#version[`version`] | Displays the version details of the `subctl` binary tool.
|===

> *Note*: The commands listed above can only support `subctl`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note*: Only the commands listed above are support in the shipped `subctl`. 
```
I'm not sure if we should use here the word `downstream` to make clean that it is not the same as the upstream `subctl`.

Author: Ah- yes discussed with Brandi and noted that downstream is not necessary/ user-friendly.

> *Note*: The commands listed above can only support `subctl`. 

Reviewer: Replace L45 with L47.

> *Note*: The commands listed above can only support `subctl`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Note*: Red Hat's build of `subctl` only includes commands relevant to ACM deployments.
```

I think something like this might be more clear/accurate.
